They use casinos to design Luo Zhong
Larozhong joins
Then use Luo Zhong to pull you into the water
Right?
You're wrong. I've known Mr. Watanabe for a long time
The casino thing is carefully arranged by me
The reason why Zhonger was involved
To make him my great swordsman
Just like today.
Even if you find out
I can also stay out of it
Hahaha, that's despicable.
What do you know?
I am the son of the Luo family
As long as I'm safe
The Luo family will be safe
My son blocked the gun for me
That was his job.
You go and kill the queen, don't worry
My son can't die
Mr. Watanabe has sent for rescue
Master Luo Master Luo
Master Luo and Du Juan Taijun asked us to come to the rescue
Great! I knew it!
My dad and Du Juan Taijun won't hide it
Watch me die
Just 10 minutes ago
When the queen is drinking water outside
I have got the news.
My son was rescued
Should be on his way home now
There are your people in prison in the morning
Of course!
The whole of Nanjing is our territory
Even if you arrive at our Nanjing as a dragon
You have to work on your stomach obediently
Luo Zhong even escaped from the morning prison
Su Dingkun wouldn't let him go either
hum
As long as Her Majesty the Queen is in our hands
The entire Shilla Hall
Waking up early is our saccular muscle
Just one morning
What is the governor afraid of?